[Music]
foreign
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a thriller that offers
intense suspense
disturbia is about a young man who has
to be confined to his house and suspects
that his neighbor is a serial killer
however does he have a psychopathic
neighbor
let's find out more in disturbia
disturbia begins with a spanish class
where ronnie is trying to practice his
spanish
by talking about his summer vacation
plans meanwhile
kale was sleeping because he wasn't in
the mood to study
it was triggered because five years ago
kale lost his father in an accident
the incident was so imprinted on him
senor gujirez
his spanish teacher confronted kale and
asked him about his summer vacation
plans
but senor gutierrez mentioned the death
of kale's father which immediately
sparked his emotions
without a second thought kale beat up
his teacher kale was later found guilty
of violence at school
because it was a minor case he was
sentenced to house arrest for three
months
three months of his summer vacation had
to be spent at home
the police started installing a tracking
device on kale's feet that would record
his location
he could not leave the house more than
30 meters from the modem placed in his
kitchen
if the modem is unplugged then the
police will come soon
likewise if kale goes too far from his
house the police will immediately arrest
him
but if kale forgets or accidentally goes
too far from the modem he has 10 seconds
to quickly enter his house until the
light on the device turns green again
in addition to having to undergo house
arrest his mother also had to pay 12
dollars a day
it made kale so embarrassed by his
condition at that time
in his kitchen there was a police
officer named officer gugeres who turned
out to be the cousin of kale's spanish
teacher officer gutierrez isn't going to
make kale's life easier
being under house arrest didn't make
kale's life miserable kale spends most
of his time playing games and snacking
while watching tv while engrossed in
watching the news about the reported
loss of a woman who was allegedly
kidnapped kale's mother came into the
room
and started cleaning her very messy room
his mother was so upset
that kayle was lazing around at home
that she decided to discontinue her xbox
subscription
and cut the tv cable so kale couldn't
have fun any longer
without all his entertainment so far
kale's day has become so dull
until one day he saw a neighbor who had
just moved next door
and the doorbell rang there was a fire
burning when the front door opened and
kale immediately stepped on the fire to
put it out
unexpectedly it turned out that behind
the fire there was dog poop
the jerks are two boys who know that
kale is locked up at home
and can go out after them kale who was
emotional immediately ran to catch the
two boys
and sure enough when he came out through
his yard the device on his leg
immediately turned red
luckily kale ran into his house until
the light turned green
unfortunately officer gutierrez came and
arrested him
that was when kale got the first warning
kale started measuring the furthest
distance he could reach with the device
on his feet in the afternoon
now he knew he couldn't cross that line
again
there he could peek at his neighbor who
had just moved in and from her bedroom
window
she could see ashley the new neighbor
she had a crush on at first sight
because he's bored while at home kayle
finally started peeking at his neighbors
and he came to know what the people
around him were doing
starting from his neighbor who is having
an affair to the boys across his house
who like watching porn
while struggling to retrieve the letter
from the postbox kale was finally able
to talk to ashley
but it turns out that ashley knows that
kayle often peeks at her
the two of them chatted and apparently
ashley also liked kale
that night kale was busy changing the tv
channel until he accidentally found
another news about the woman who was
reported to have disappeared
according to the tv reporter the woman
was last seen with a man driving a
mustang with a dented bumper
so far they haven't found the kidnapper
that night kale started doing his stunts
again
peeking at his neighbors especially
ashley with a pair of binoculars
while he was playing on his cell phone
kale realized that a mustang car was
approaching
it turns out the vehicle belonged to a
neighbor the man seemed to have just put
a large plastic bag into his house
when he saw it using binoculars kale
could see that the front bumper of the
mustang car was dented just like what
was reported on tv
suspicious the following day kale
decided to peek at his neighbor from
behind the fence
while he was peeking suddenly mr turner
approached and caught him
kale was very tense but it turned out
that mr turner was not talking to him
but to a rabbit that was destroying his
crops kale was so relieved to realize
that ronnie came to visit again and both
of them were enjoying watching ashley
swimming
but unfortunately ashley realized that
she was being watched and decided to go
to kale's house
ashley then forced her way into kale's
room there
using kale's binoculars ashley looked at
her house her guess was correct all
along
if kale peeked at her often too tensed
kale and ronnie say that neither of them
actually watching at her but they were
watching mr turner who they suspected
was a serial killer
it was because mr turner was driving a
mustang of the same color that was
broadcast on television
the car also has a dent in the front
bumper but when ashley looked at mr
turner's car
she didn't see anything dented there so
could kayle's suspicions be wrong
that night ronnie and ashley decide to
spy on mr turner
when mr turner came home it turned out
that he had brought a woman from a
nightclub
mr turner then led the woman into his
house from his bedroom window
kale and ashley could see the two of
them making out then through the
monitoring on his handicam
the scene turned tense when mr turner
started to take a small knife and walk
towards the woman
but it turns out she used the knife to
cut the price tag that was still hanging
on her dress
kale and ashley finally decided to end
their snooping because mr turner and
that woman must be having a great time
when ashley returned to her house kale
immediately returned to his room
but when he looked back at mr turner's
house kale saw the woman looking
terrified
kail immediately recorded using his
handycam but the flash accidentally
turned on
kale went into hiding then when he
looked back at mr turner's house with
his binoculars he was so surprised when
he looked directly at mr turner who gave
him a sinister look
without thinking kayle called ronnie and
told him what he had just seen
but a few minutes later kale saw the
woman get into her car and drive away
kale was confused about what was going
on
the following day kale woke up and went
straight to the kitchen to make
breakfast but he was so surprised
to find mr turner at his house it turned
out that mr turner had just helped his
mother
kale's mother seemed to like mr turner
that night ashley had a party at her
house and kale was distraught when he
saw that another man had started to
flirt with ashley
so he decided to play a loud music to
disrupt the party
ashley who was angry came to kale's room
and was furious
that's when kayle said that he'd been
watching ashley all along and that he
knew all her favorites
ashley who noticed kayle's attention
melted and started kissing kale but
without them knowing it
at mr turner's house there was blood
splashed up to the window of his house
as if he was slaughtering someone they
both realized when they saw mr turner
who was busy lowering a package from the
top of his house and put it in his
garage
kale and ashley were so shocked and
guessed what exactly mr turner was up to
this evening
they were sure that mr turner had just
killed someone
so the next day kale ashley and ronnie
decide to investigate mr turner
ashley gets a job to follow mr turner
who is seen as busy buying a shovel
while kale watches from the house ronnie
is asked to sneak into mr turner's car
but while snooping around ashley loses
track and bumps into a woman
and ends her phone call with kale
meanwhile
ronnie has managed to break into mr
turner's car and is trying to find the
remote to open mr turner's garage door
kale was so tense that they now didn't
know where mr turner was and he could
appear at any time
meanwhile ashley who was looking in the
parking lot was confronted by mr turner
who realized that he was being followed
without a second thought mr turner got
into ashley's car and started
threatening her
he said that he actually knew he was
being followed and asked ashley to tell
kale that he wasn't the only one who
liked to peek at other people
ashley finally said that what they were
doing was dangerous and asked kail to
stop
following mr turner that night kail is
busy changing his handicam
so that it can become a walking camera
suddenly ronnie comes and says if he
left his cell phone in mr turner's car
and has to get it back so the two of
them began to carry out a mission
that was dangerous and could threaten
their lives ronnie
using a handicam that kale has modified
begins to enter mr turner's house
ronnie was so tense while being
monitored by kale from inside his room
knowing the combination to open the
garage door ronnie was able to open the
door and sneak inside
but when in the garage of the house
ronnie could smell the stench that was
so strong like the smell
of corpses ronnie immediately got into
mr turner's car
and he managed to find his cell phone
and that's when he saw a package in the
darkness
the origin of the stench he smelled
ronnie also said that a lot of blood was
dripping from the package
but when he was watching kale realized
that mr turner's garage door was closed
mr turner was at his house at the time
now ronnie was trapped there
ronnie who was frightened immediately
ran into the house until the video
network disappeared
kale knew that tronny was in danger and
without thinking he immediately grabbed
a baseball bat
and ran to mr turner's house but just as
he was about to enter
the police arrived and officer gutierrez
immediately arrested him
kale tried to explain if there was a
corpse in the house so the police
checked mr turner's garage
ashley was watching from a distance and
she was so disappointed
that kale wasn't listening when the
package was brought out of his garage
it turned out to be a deer that mr
turner had hit unfortunately there were
no bodies there
so kale was brought back to his house
and now he has committed two offenses
if kale committed the offense one more
time then he would be held in prison
his mother was so disappointed and
furious that she decided to go to mr
turner's house to apologize
kale panicked when he realized this and
immediately called ronnie but instead
he got a text from ronnie asking him to
look at his television
it turns out that on the tv ronnie was
lying unconscious
did mr turner kill him but kale
recognized ronnie's location
and he was in the wardrobe in his room
kale panicked convinced that mr turner
had killed ronnie
and put his body in his wardrobe with a
pale face kale checked his closet
and it turned out that ronnie was there
but it turns out that ronnie was playing
a prank on him
because he turned out to be okay and he
managed to get out of mr turner's house
calden continued to monitor the
direction of mr turner's house
that's when he saw the video ronnie had
brought on his computer
kale was sure he saw something wrong and
his eyes weren't wrong
it turned out that his camera caught a
woman who was murdered by mr turner
and smuggled under the stairs of his
house meanwhile kale's mother was
immediately held captive by mr turner
and it didn't stop there mr turner was
already at kale's
house and beat ronnie straight away mr
turner tried to beat kale but luckily he
missed and the two of them had a duel in
the kitchen
kale desperately grabbed the modem to
unplug it so the police will come
but mr turner was a strong man and not
easily beaten
back in the end kale decided to run out
of the house
and intended to run as far as possible
so that the bracelet on his leg would
ring
but mr turner managed to catch him
before kale could get out of the range
of his bracelet
he was beaten until he fainted kale was
then held up with duct tape and dragged
back to his room
mr turner then takes kale's handycam
footage and intends to make kale the
perpetrator of all his crimes
he starts making scenarios if kale kills
ronnie his mother
and his father a perfect plan especially
since kale has now become the target of
the police for being labeled a criminal
boy
when kale was forced to write a
confession he quickly smacked the pen
into mr turner's face
and immediately ran out of the room
that's when ashley came and helped him
but mr turner went mad and tried to kill
both of them with a knife in his hand
the three then dueled until mr turner
was pushed and fell to the floor below
kale and ashley immediately hid in the
room after successfully untying the
knots in kale's hands and mouth
ashley tried to call the police but the
phone was off then one way is for kale
to run outside and cross the line
so that it will automatically call the
police the lights in the house suddenly
went out and mr turner emerged from
behind the now shattered door
kale and ashley immediately ran through
the roof of the house and plunged into
ashley's swimming pool
the moment the detector on his foot
touched the water kale knew that the
police were about to arrive
so kale's current mission was to get his
mother out of mr turner's house
on the other hand officer gujeres gets a
call that kale is acting up again
and he must immediately arrest him
because he was tired of the boy
officer gujares intended to finish his
dinner first before stopping the boy
in mr turner's house kale finally found
the hiding place where mr
turner placed his cold bodies but the
room was too narrow for him to enter
then he entered a room where there was a
bed and various medical equipment
there he found an id card belonging to
the woman who had entered mr turner's
house
kale realized that the woman had never
left mr turner's house
when passing through the room there kale
finally found a secret room behind a
cupboard
the room led him into a dark basement
unfortunately kale fell into a puddle of
water
officer gutierrez had arrived at the
scene and entered mr turner's house
unfortunately mr turner was waiting for
him and killed him right away
still trapped in a puddle of water kale
realized that there were many rotting
corpses around him
it turned out to be the place where mr
turner buried all the victims he had
killed so far
kale immediately got out of the puddle
and tried to find his mother
kale finally managed to find his mother
but just as he was about to free his
mother mr turner appeared and
immediately tried to finish kale
the two then collided but mr turner was
so strong
without thinking with a lawnmower kale
attacked mr turner and pushed him to
fall into the puddle where he buried the
bodies of his victims
finally mr turner managed to overthrow
kale and his mother also survived the
stressful event
because he had behaved well kale was
finally released and the detector was
removed
he is now free to return with ashley
subscribe for more storyline videos
let's unpacked it together
[Music]
you